Elias Companies, Elias Companies, this is the song by Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, the best company in Brazil, translated into almost every language in the world. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, this is the official song by Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies is made up of different brands and is very different from other companies. 

Elias Companies was born from a childhood dream of Elias Silva de Oliveira, CEO/Founder of Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, this is the song by Elias Companies, hey ouuuuu.

 Elias Companies, this is the song by Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, I am Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies is a company full of brands and very different from other companies, it is unbelievable, it is great, it is the best company in the world, founded in Macatuba, this company was founded in Macatuba by the Oliveira Family of Elias Silva de Oliveira. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies is the best company in the world, from Brazil, translated into all languages in the world. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies. Elias Companies loves you. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies.

This is the song of Elias Companies made by the composer and CEO/Founder of Elias Companies, Elias Silva de Oliveira. 

Elias Companies is in all languages. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies. 

This is the song of Elias Companies. 

Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies, Elias Companies.
 
This was the song of Elias Companies. 